README.md, before:

# lod-wave

## Current status:
#### Working and up to date
#### Next: Fix parallel computation. Apply pyMOR.

## Switching to a virtual environment ([guide](https://alysivji.github.io/setting-up-pyenv-virtualenvwrapper.html) to set this up)
#### If you have not made a virtual environment for this project:

```mkvirtualenv lod-wave```

#### To switch to the venv for this project:

```workon lod-wave```

#### Exit the venv by running

```deactivate```

## Installing dependencies
Simply run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install most of the dependencies.

The one exception is the `scikit-sparse` package, which was broken when this was tested.

This needs to be installed with `pip install scikit-sparse`.

`scikit-sparse` additionally requires `libsuitesparse-dev` to be installed. You can do this by running:

```sudo apt install libsuitesparse-dev```


## Updating dependencies
Most Python dependencies are managed by `pip-compile`, so you will need that tool. ([Installation guide](https://github.com/jazzband/pip-tools#installation))

To add a new package, simply add it to the list in `requirements.in`.

You then update the `requirements.txt`-file by running

```pip-compile --output-file requirements.txt requirements.in```

Commit message:

Adding files up to date

README.md, after:

# lod-wave

## Current status:
#### Broken due to missing methods, for example `convertpIndexToCoordinate` in `gridlod.util`.
#### This is likely due to the Python 3 refactor

## Switching to a virtual environment ([guide](https://alysivji.github.io/setting-up-pyenv-virtualenvwrapper.html) to set this up: )
#### If you have not made a virtual environment for this project:

```mkvirtualenv lod-wave```

#### To switch to the venv for this project:

```workon lod-wave```

#### Exit the venv by running

```deactivate```

## Installing dependencies
Simply run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install most of the dependencies.

The one exception is the `scikit-sparse` package, which was broken when this was tested.

This needs to be installed with `pip install scikit-sparse`.

`scikit-sparse` additionally requires `libsuitesparse-dev` to be installed. You can do this by running:

```sudo apt install libsuitesparse-dev```


## Updating dependencies
Most Python dependencies are managed by `pip-compile`, so you will need that tool. ([Installation guide](https://github.com/jazzband/pip-tools#installation))

To add a new package, simply add it to the list in `requirements.in`.

You then update the `requirements.txt`-file by running

```pip-compile --output-file requirements.txt requirements.in```
